Guys.
Welcome.
Now, before, for the best of everything, it has to do with the user's authentication.
Okay.
So now what we can do is, after this need an account, we can have another test widget over here which
is going to say forgot password.
Then on tap on that forgot password test is going to take the user to the forgot to source screen where
the users are going to be able to reset the password using the associated email address.
Okay.
Now to do this, we're going to go to our guest code like that before we do this.
First of all, you get the first pass as we do see if you can implement this yourself.
So what you're going to do is after this need an account, you're going to have a test widget over here
which is going to say forgot password.
Then on top of that, forgot password says you're going to take that user to a new screen called Forgot
Password Screen.
Okay.
So now try to pause this video and see if you can do it yourself.
Now we're going to do this together.
Okay.
Now we're going to go to our logging screen.
First of all, I've just got the contract to make this way to.
Okay.
Contract B.
So this is the need, right?
So it was all hands.
Yeah.
Okay.
So what you can do is you can give the train a command.
Now we can have another test, which is we're just going to say, oh, for God's.
Password because I had a question mark.
Okay, now we can give you a status.
We can a test stay.
Sorry to stay.
I think I respected that.
Okay.
Now we're going to give it a to it.
They're going to make it both.
So there's going to be Fords with.
Fun to it.
Font with that board.
Okay as well we can give you a font size of our bigger is going to be font size of probably 15.
Okay.
I think we need another.
We can try to use control.
Needs to save.
Now go check it out.
Okay.
Great.
Now.
I think this is too close.
So all we can do, we can give you space.
They're going to be give it that space vertically.
Right.
So you're going to say size works.
So since we're giving this space vertically, it is going to be a height of probably ten.
Okay.
Trying to cover this issue.
Okay, great.
Now, what you're going to do is pull this video and see if you can make this this clickable.
Okay.
Okay, guys.
They're going to do this together.
We're going to make this test.
So to do this, first of all, we just need to alight.
Then we're going to use control dots and look like or output widgets since we don't have the widgets
we use in a way.
Okay.
We're going to wrap this with a inkwell.
Okay Canada on tap for the now that isn't a live this like this.
Okay.
I'm trying to save.
Reckon it's because it's not applicable.
Right.
Okay.
So now what this are going to do is we're going to create the forgot password screen.
So when the user clicks on this, this is going to take us that forgot password screen because it's
a us and we'll lose control of it to make this smaller than what is odd for the you can see we can clearly
see this, right.
So we're going to create a new fly.
We can we're going to go this way.
I forgot on this code password on this screen and that.
Okay, now for the now we can use this, the less we get since we can change it later.
So it is going to be forgot password.
Screen.
Okay.
I'll try to make this wider than regular lights.
Then use control.
Do it.
And that's important.
What you are.
That.
That package.
Okay.
Instead of returning the container, what we can do is we can return the scaffold.
So we have access to lots of properties.
So scaffold.
Okay.
Now we can have the body for the now we just need to set out we just to settle the nerves, which is
where we are then.
So this is going to be tied.
Okay.
That's me.
The ones that sent out the test, which it's okay for, they.
Now we can just sit for God's.
Password.
Screen.
Okay.
Controlling.
Excessive.
Okay.
Now what you're going to do is now try to implement this just when the user clicks on.
This should take the user to the forgot passwords creates attractive poses regional.
He pauses.
We do.
I try to do this yourself.
Okay, guys, welcome.
I'm going to try to do this together, okay?
Now, nobody's on top of this.
So the next night.
Now you're going to see Navigator.
Navigator.
The to that of contest.
There's going to be the push.
Okay.
Now for this, what's is going to be the Syria.
Let's see a page.
Right.
Okay.
For The view there is going to be the contest.
We can just use our function.
Then this going to be what?
The forgot password screen.
Okay.
All right, so on.
It's such a no.
What's its aspects?
Okay.
You can see when you do that parentheses.
Is compliance issue.
We can either specify the type.
That it is a huge contest or we can just get rid of this since it allows us.
Okay.
Now let's try to click on this forgot password.
The can I see it's across to the forgot password screen.
Okay, so this was it asked you to do.
Okay.
Now you only need to follow the pattern I'm trying to follow.
So instead of this forgot password, you can have it test just like this.
That is.
That is to test that are going to be displayed horizontally so you can have the forgot password or by
something like resets link.
Okay.
So you can follow your own pattern and they don't need to follow my apartment.
So this was what I asked you to do or what are you able to do it or.